# COMM2216_SlackDocs
These instructions are regarding using some of Slack's functions/features. These features are the profile’s pronunciation, sending files through direct messages, and marking messages unread with a reminder. The webpage is hosted on GitHub and structured using MKDocs, an open-source documentation tool used to make static websites. For us it was our first time using it, so we learned how to use open source tools along with more details regarding GitHub repositories. These instructions were written in a three-step process with online website best practices in mind. In the following sections, we detail our specific process, website best practices we implemented, and things we have learned from completing this user guide.

## Our Process
Our process focussed on iteration. For our first iteration, we did a basic walkthrough of three tasks that would use the features listed above. While doing the walkthrough we took note of each step we took to reach the end of the task. We also took note of when we thought an admonition or an image would be helpful. In doing this we had a document that was very rough but gave clear guidance for our second pass. For our second iteration, we used the notes we took from our first pass and moved them into our webpage. While doing this we took screenshots of steps, annotated them, and edited our writing. This step was mostly about figuring out how to use MKdocs, and we got a lot of practice troubleshooting specific issues that convenient tools like chatGPT couldn't quickly solve. Finally, on our last iteration, we had our user guide tested by a user using the website hosted on GitHub. We received feedback and then edited our content based on the feedback but only if the specific feedback was believed to be accurate.

## Best Practices Implemented
This user guide was written when we were both students and as students we had been learning about best practices for websites. Earlier, in the same course for which this user guide was an assignment, we had analyzed a website to determine how it could be best improved. From our past analysis and research on website best practices, we determined 3 main things to make sure to include. In order of importance, they were a need for a mobile-friendly design, how readable the webpage is, and proper implementation of images. The first was easy to implement as a mobile-friendly design was automatically implemented using MKDocs. The second was a bit more of a struggle as we found white space and spatial positioning might be an issue but we were able to find a satisfactory layout. For our images, we made sure to implement alternative text, and to make their purpose of inclusion abundantly clear. In doing so we feel that we have displayed the ability to successfully implement past learning.

## Learning from this User Guide
The main thing we learned from completing this user guide is that different users have different needs. We made our guide with users with the least technical experience in mind; however, when user testing we received the feedback that we were providing steps that felt too close to babysitting. From this we needed to determine how we wanted to write our user guide; Either for users for a higher level but being mindful of users that may be of lower technical experience or for users with little to no technical experience and have users with higher knowledge simply deal with the babysitting feeling. We decided to tighten our intended users and remain writing for less knowledgeable users. In doing so we provided a user guide that can be used by both groups but at the detriment of more knowledgeable users. Through this, we further developed our understanding of writing to an audience and determining who to write for.